Hello guys, welcome to Pixel Lab
channel. Today we're going to be looking
at vibe coding with Pixelab. Making a
small game with Cloud Code and Go dot as
their game engine. So what can we do
with the PixelB MCP? Exactly. You can
create character, animate character,
make top- down tile sets, make
sidescroller tile sets and isometric
tiles. And of course, we can see the
installation steps right here. So you
just click the IDE you're using. So
cloud code we would go to terminal right
like it says here open your terminal run
the command above. So you would copy
this and it would say your authorization
code here. So I'm going to do that and
my MCP server is already configurated
because I already installed it. But it
would just say that it's installing and
it should be all set